Updating docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-metrics (#25289)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-metrics.md

## Metric lifecycle

Alpha metric →  Stable metric →  Deprecated metric →  Hidden metric → Deleted metric

Alpha metrics have no stability guarantees. These metrics can be modified or deleted at any time.

Stable metrics are guaranteed to not change. This means:
* A stable metric without a deprecated signature will not be deleted or renamed
* A stable metric's type will not be modified

Deprecated metrics are slated for deletion, but are still available for use.

> These metrics will include an annotation about the version in which they became deprecated.

Reviewer: delete "will" ?

Author: Good suggestion, updated.

For example:

> * Before deprecation

Reviewer: I'd suggest we add two empty lines, one before and one after line 65.
Such empty lines can help avoid confusing the markdown parser.

Author: I agree, it's good to be nice to the markdown parser. Updated.

Alpha metric →  Stable metric →  Deprecated metric →  Hidden metric → Deletion

Alpha metrics have no stability guarantees. These metrics can be modified or deleted at any time.

Stable metrics are guaranteed to not change. This means:

> * A stable metric will not be deleted or renamed

Author: Is this true? We have sections on deprecation and deletion, are these only for Alpha metrics?

Reviewer 2: To be more precisely, a stable metric `without a deprecated signature` will not be deleted or renamed.

Author: Thanks for the clarification!

* A stable metric's type will not be modified

Deprecated metrics are slated for deletion, but are still available for use.
These metrics will inlude an annotation about the version in which they became deprecated.

For example:
* Before deprecation
  ```
  # HELP some_counter this counts things
  # TYPE some_counter counter
  some_counter 0
  ```

* After deprecation
  ```
  # HELP some_counter (Deprecated since 1.15.0) this counts things
  # TYPE some_counter counter
  some_counter 0

>   ```

Author: Are these examples helpful? I'm tempted to remove them.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think this example cloud lets the user know what metrics exactly look like.

Author: OK, I'm happy to keep them then

> Hidden metrics are no longer published for scraping, but are still available for use. To use a hidden metric, override the configuration for the relevant cluster component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hidden metrics are no longer published for scraping, but are still available for use. To use a hidden metric, please refer to [Show Hidden Metrics](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-metrics/#show-hidden-metrics).
```

How about this?

Author: I like that, good suggestion.

> Deleted metrics are no longer published and cannot be used. There is no override available to change this.

Author: Do we need the language about not being able to override this here?

Author: Since I'm no longer referring to overrides in the hidden metrics bit before it, I'll remove it here too.
